Update Configure a resource account, plan CAA and plan CQ articles (#4476)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Skype/SfbHybrid/hybrid/plan-cloud-auto-attendant.md

> An Auto attendant is a cloud service that accept customer calls and play greetings, provide them with menu options, and interact with callers using speech or the dialpad to route their calls to the right destination. Each auto attendant is assigned a **resource account** (see[Configure resource accounts](configure-onprem-ra.md)) on your Skype for Business Server 2019 system that will be linked directly to an auto attendant in the Microsoft Teams admin center. See [What are Cloud auto attendants?](/SkypeForBusiness/what-is-phone-system-in-office-365/what-are-phone-system-auto-attendants.md) for more detail on what auto attendants are and what options and features exist for auto attendants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An auto attendant is a cloud service that accepts customer calls and plays greetings, provides them with menu options, and interacts with callers using speech or the dial pad to route their calls to the right destination. Each auto attendant is assigned a **resource account** (see [Configure resource accounts](configure-onprem-ra.md)) on your Skype for Business Server 2019 system that will be linked directly to an auto attendant in the Microsoft Teams admin center. See [What are Cloud auto attendants?](/SkypeForBusiness/what-is-phone-system-in-office-365/what-are-phone-system-auto-attendants.md) for more detail on what auto attendants are and what options and features exist for auto attendants.
```

Reviewer: Also, note that the link for "What are Cloud auto attendants" does not seem to work. Please check.
